Some I don't see him to his daddy. You just need to go fast for child support. Wow, wow, wow, okay well shouldn't a
boy.
Okay.
And are you male or female.
See.
Okay, and ethnicity.
Say black and Hispanic.
Okay.
Yeah, birth.
hometown.
Stone merrily, merrily neighborhood.
Okay.
Here, let's see what else.
How many years have you been in Atlanta area.
21. Okay. So anyway.
Okay, let's see any other places live.
No, no, no, no claim this.
All right, let's see.
Your parents birth boys.
My dad was born in. My dad was born it. My mom was born in Florida. My dad was born in Decatur.
So connection. Let's see and feel now already my name.
Then I will be the interviewer the day.
And today is, I believe the 26th of January. Yep.
And the personal man and his friend family.
I'm calling my sister.
See the folk around here so as we're continuing.
Let's see the recording equipment we're using is the zone handy a spot for quarter. Okay, so now I'm going to get into some more general topic so whatever.
Do you have any siblings have four brothers and two sisters, dad.
Yes.
Okay.
Are you close to any of your grandparents cousins.
I love them, but everybody just pretty much get the old thing going on so you know you grow older ages, you know, start.
Pretty much, yeah doing your own thing.
Okay really makeup I used to but now maybe not close
this I'm in a family reunion, we just have what in July, 2016 so it might be 20 2018 for we have another one was me.
It wasn't as big as I thought it would be like everybody, it wasn't good time and people would lot of people didn't really show up, but we still enjoy the people that we did.
And it was more so to older people and so you want to see for a check out you know.
Um, let's see.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
So,
brothers two sisters,
Who's younger or older where you reside in the mix. I'm the oldest girl, and the second oldest Adam only got one big brother, everybody else younger than me.
me him only seven months, they got 18 at the twins.
There are you having the Middle East for. It is only.
She's only four months.
Okay. And Allah knows you got a favorite kid can really put in a while and you know
cuz we did close is not.
But my big brother he grew up with his mom so, and then the other for that is so much younger so like them personally is this always had a boy.
Okay. Did you feel like you got away with more things that you did or you got away with more things.
Um,
I feel like Sheedy because I don't know.
Get Away with Murder is conscious is not like my.
I care that I don't give a fuck mindset. Yeah, it's sometimes I'm like that too, but more so her cuz show the gear.
So we speak and, you know, fam and as good as you got a good relationship with Damn, what about your relationship as far as your friends and stuff like that really a friend person, so much family like we sell clothes that are workers another one free.
And then I got my sister
me my have some good quality over quantity
and Dana was a stay down. Hey, everybody.
So your one friend in particular, what do you do together. Small workout, he talked about boy.
How do you meet a sixth grader.
Over a decade.
Let's see.
about a school. How was school for you coming up.
score was. What, what you made it at my school well it was a little bit, let me tell you it was like, in the beginning, it was good, it was excellent school you know we was all cool the day you got to folks moving in from crazy areas that you got everybody
else around it are you growing a venture analysis.
So it's like one day you might have. We might make what is it called, we might meet our criteria, or something. The next day, they want to food or some like the
next day you know you got these gang members quote unquote coming in and as a school like warrior word for.
I guess what grade was that happened.
That was like seventh grade.
Saving Grace.
Read this.
How many students used to go to classes.
Well, I always well when I got in high school article AP classes were throughout middle school. It was like 30 in 40 keys in Nicholas.
It needs to be so high, but in high school, like 10 people in my class.
Sometimes, 28, the most okay that's a good thing.
What kind of services be to take.
Of course the basic math, reading science, social studies, the biology AP geometry AP, whoever else
out of different mass and then they had of course biology, chemistry, physical science and economics,
middle school, high school,
college
is like Tim Curry.
You remember them from classes. Question. Remember math because that's your money.
English, stuff like that. Literature stuff like the
broad range of vocabulary aa opens your mind to against believe in date, in and of course the history is the you that you know some history, what our history really is our history but the you hear different aspects and different point of views as you
grow older. Indeed you eventually get your own mind, say, in chemistry and science and stuff like that. I'm really go for on it because I got a real weak stomach.
But everything else was everything else was pretty cool.
You got to be a certain type of individual to be a doctor. Yeah, and I had my major was gonna be nursing, my I switch my major as soon as I said in classes on my own Muslim begins to week I was in those classes, they're trying to get us the data like
it, I'm thing I know how to do is good fish.
I hate this
kind of
switch to social work.
And there's still something in yourself as well.
That's what I do, that's what I did.
See, what was your favorite subject matter.
Not just because of money but just because that's always been the subject that I could like I could understand this like my grandma markers is a used to pay me, the dude a map or, like,
Oh, yeah.
My mom is
my mom a real father man.
Only when my daddy real smart witty too but he he don't know like this was they added a lot of letters or not it, there's two there's two different type of man.
Yeah.
But he can add up some numbers in his head in a heartbeat.
What kind of bad, you take you know I'm just looking at a map.
Anyway, years
old.
2007 reconsider Oy,
Allah generation is 2196 babies
in a little while.
That's enough saying, like, What are you so somebody they know like you could ask these falls Kendrick Lamar just think you know J Cole, a question. Again, those kind of represent debt like uk uk ask them about it like this before.
We going out.
Yeah.
I barely made it I'm like I'm halfway between both of mine.
join the same.
Yeah, especially we know about numbers and stuff like that.
So what you know about decimals.
The SMS web like me Show me somewhere bigger de de de de rigueur news the life I never seen that when I was in school.
Yeah, she know she shared some problems she showed me her online class, it was like, I don't even remember what it was but I'm like okay, I'm getting the beginning in the first, and then he started talking about regions and some I'm like, What the fuck
is your region.
Okay.
This one for example is on the same day.
Oh, they just drop this was a try.
Just like you do regular subtraction. Okay so, was there $436 and 72 cents, subtract. minus.
$49 and 46 cents.
paper and calculate our.
This say Oh, they don't have registers and stuff so you gotta do Alia here so I just be like, member or
an f2 so doggone good bye Oh,
what kind of music.
I guess just to say, hip hop and r&b cuz I love to sing.
But sometimes I just say, Listen, I just be liking the beat see you last
year.
Pretty good. I don't really visited him like that.
Yeah, I heard a few.
Jeremiah.
Yeah.
Sometimes you just need to lower his voice
to become our girls look at that his website to register saying you know
it coming out.
Yeah, future future.
He really been chillin lately, he might start turning back though with that.
But he been telling a good way though, I believe in Allah replace you understand who
is he
to.
That was definitely
the waiting time yes oh yeah no
publicity right here, really tired,
JJ.
Yeah.
I didn't I had no go girl
parents.
I will say a good person.
You can say.
I will personally say it was like the least let them just grow up, right before you make that type of.
Right.
It did not be seen his video these models be learned little boys dance sister by this lady had her son dance and address and a little boy just doing it like I will be the ship.
No, that is not funny. I don't find a
little courage.
Right.
I just want
you guys say O co.
Uk judge them and that is the way.
Yeah, I'm in a the best way I ky I just want to know why you feel like digging the booty is okay, but why what.
Why did not even wider because I know there's no heaven Hill.
Why would you miss the matter.
Listen.
I don't even know that is to me.
Yeah.
Never tried to blue.
Man, I tried to play the flute.
That didn't work out the required boy out the sheet on the recorder boy in fifth grade.
couple notes on the recording.
Old school, elementary school recorder in certain monitor traffic.
But that'd be fine, they are playing it's again they
know the brand new artist alighted.
See, Donald Trump is the president,
President Obama is my president okay.
Obama is my president.
I'm really you know the type of person I am. You know I give people the benefit of the doubt. So, yeah,
Maybe,
maybe, just maybe Burgess damn maybe
did a park Obama.
The president for eight years, he can say black people.
Everybody
stopped working with black people.
You
to say why he just like me black people I didn't say that but now I mean he doesn't help everybody.
Let me ask you that Obamacare.
They try to make it
right.
So,
within the same day I see about Obamacare now means I said like that now they switch to the Donald Trump.
Yeah.
President now so
if you're ready to school.
Right. He just want to relay back over there.
Yo this type of stuff.
Yeah,
me too deep and policies that are we listening to it.
But I'll never really have a response,
passing bills, making paper.
You know more than what it is, again, a timeout.
Somebody needs to put Obama on the $25 bill. Where is Obama Tony.
Hey, Tony.
Right.
Benjamin Franklin Franklin, Abraham Lincoln.
Oh yeah.
1113.
That is a pretty good conversation.
Right.
Oh,
as always.
one minute.
What kind of workouts and we don't know.
It's a little. I mean, II
workout
I was waiting on that to say Hey Miss fat.
Directly after
you bless you love you
both.
Good thing about paying a
little more pay and I'm a little boy paid.
Pay in Emmanuelle
muscle Massa a nice
name girl I
did
me as a man. If you be a little boy. Yeah.
What do you got,
Oh no, I knew Hello girl names and money.
was female so they were there was the boys easy was a.
Because it's not a bad thing but you got to teach them more and you got to show them this and show them their boys.
Yeah, you gotta do the same but it's like,
I don't think is different, right.
Oh no. As far as cycles and was in the body odor is honest.
So yeah.
Yeah, my pain is that we want him to have no experience, and then you're bringing life into the world as amazing
is the worst this craziness women or.
ladies began pay around the same about this entire group.
Right.
Which is a more single mom household single father.
So, Yeah, you can see the number of the father's turning now.
me. They'll be like you say,
you've had two rooms.
where we really used to live right.
Okay.
video game.
Video games I just playing games on my phone
still be games. Rest of the games.
Cookie jail.
And then I'll be playing the game pigeon games on